hey guys i'm just going to do and i'm a
quick unboxing of my glasses from me
clearly contacts and I was actually
surprised to get them today because I
ordered them on jun 9th so that's five
days ago anyway yep so here's my girl
fiber cloth says clearly contact and I
think this is a screwdriver for your
glasses double ended pretty sure yep I
border from them before and they're
really good company I really recommend
it this is just prolong something oh wow
I got a gift card for them I guess this
is as a pair of free glasses on us so I
just get a free friends i ordered this
from the free frame promotion so the
only cost me about like 40 bucks and
it's been cold miller onyx frame like
glittery inside
so I'm really happy with that and they
send me a free gift card so let's see
what bonus anyway um yep that was just a
quick unboxing and thanks for watching